     Hello.  This is the A02 version of Adventure.  It is a modification of 
the  original  Adventure  game floating around between  CP/M  users.   This 
version corrects several flaws in the first version.  Most noticable is the 
re-activation  of  the hints (there was a kludge in  the  previous  version 
which kept the hints from working).   Also, the SAVE command now works.  To 
suspend a game, type SAVE, answer YES when Adventure asks for confirmation, 
and  when the game stops and you get your OS prompt (A> for  CP/M,  A.  for 
CDOS)  type SAVE ADSAVE.COM 157 (for CP/M,  reverse the filename and record 
count).   There also are a couple of fixes made to the database to clean up 
a  couple  of glitches like a missing or extra line here or  there,  and  a 
couple of places where the end of a message got cut off.
     This A02 version has one large advantage over the A01 release; that is 
that  the message file was compressed to 63K (it used to be  128K).   Note:  
This is a change in the format of the file, no messages were deleted.
     Stand by for the forthcoming B00 Adventure -- This one has a cave that 
is  twice as large (it's a 550 point version).   All of the features of the 
original  Adventure are in this version,  plus a whole bunch of new  rooms, 
treasures,  and ways for the bumbling explorer to get himself killed.
     To compile this mess,  you'll need a FORTRAN compiler and 64K of  RAM.  
You  will  also need more disk space than is available on a single  density 
diskette,  so you're going to have to do some disk swapping to get this all 
compiled.   There are three phases to geting this thing running.  First you 
must  create the runtime program (AD.COM).   This program uses a  bunch  of 
database  files  which  are  created  by  a  second  program  (ADINIT.COM).  
Therefore you must also create this program.   Finally, you must create the 
database using ADINIT.
     To create AD,  you must compile the following files:  ADVMAIN, MAINSB, 
and ADVENSUB.   NOTE:  ADVENSUB is used for both programs.   Then link them 
together:
          LINK ADVMAIN,MAINSB,ADVENSUB/S,FORLIB/S,AD/N/E
     To create ADINIT,  you must compile ADVENT,  ADVINIT3,  INSUB, and use 
ADVENSUB again.  To link them:
          LINK ADVENT,ADVINIT3,INSUB,ADVENSUB/S,FORLIB/S,ADINIT/N/E
     Finally,  to create the database,  put the data file (ADVENTUR.DAT) in 
drive B,  a blank (more or less) disk in A, and run ADINIT.  It takes about 
six  minutes  running  on a 4mhz Z-80 with Persci  277  drives.   Note:   I 
enhanced the efficiency of this program considerably;  it used to take more 
than twice as long to run.
                                             Mike Goetz
